the spider-man far from home trailer is
about to play but if you haven't seen
Avengers end game yet stop watching
because there's some serious spoilers
about to come up but if you have seen
Avengers end game enjoy the trailer
everywhere I go I see his face just
really miss him
yeah I miss him too I don't think Tony
would have done what he did if he didn't
know that you were gonna be here after
he was gone
you gonna be in next time right now well
no I don't have time I'm too busy doing
your jobs oh I'm kidding I'm kidding
look keep up the good work
because I am going on vacation heads up
Nick Fury's calling you I don't really
want to talk to me resolve why because
if you don't talk to him and I have to
talk I don't want to talk about you sent
Nick Fury to voicemail I gotta go you do
not ghost Nick Fury that dorks what's up
we're just talking about the trip I'm
here in San Marco Polo's oh I think MJ
really likes me when I first go alone
you're a very difficult person to
contact spider-man
this is mr. Beck we're gonna use someone
like you on my world new world Beck is
from Earth just not ours a snap to our
home in our dimension a job to do
you're coming with us
it's gotta be something else you can use
what about Thor offworld
captain are unavailable who's the
friendly neighborhood spider-man
please you've been to space what
do you want Peter
I want to go back on my trip with the
girl who I really like you tell her how
I feel
MJ I am spider-man no of course not
I mean it's kind of obvious you're right
you may not be ready but this is my
responsibility
saving the world requires sacrifices
sometimes people die
I always feel like I'm putting my
friends in danger
the world needs next Ironman you going
to step up or not
[Music]
I work with spider-man do one for
spider-man I won't win spider-man not
for spider-man
[Music]
I told you that I want to go to that
festival in Sweden no when you said it
would be cool to go yeah and then I got
the opportunity and I decided to do it
you going I just wish he would have told
me that's all
dude she needs a therapist you've been
wanting out of this stupid relationship
for like a year now and don't forget
about all of the beautiful Swedish women
you'll need in June okay guys that's not
her again seriously babe what's
happening Danny I was so very sorry to
hear about what happened I was doing
I invited Danny to come this week you
know what she's been going Christian
says you've got this special week
planned it's sort of a crazy festival
special ceremonies and dressing up
sounds fun
[Music]
unbelievable welcome and happy midsummer
school what time is it 9:00 p.m. that
can't be right the skies blue this is
what 9:00 p.m. is like here
how long have you two been together just
over three and a half years four years
really yeah what do you think it's like
another world tomorrow's a big day is it
scary what is it it has two special
properties
[Music]
what am I going through we just need to
acclimate I don't want to acclimate I
want to go absolutely not what is
happening
that's why you look so guilty right now
because you know
we only do this every 90 years
I was most excited for you to come
the state of Florida has issued a
category five hurricane warning
all residents must evacuate immediately
grab your families your loved ones and
get out of it we won't be able to come
for you
[Music]
I'm fine
in less than an hour we'll be underwater
banging on the pipes where's their
senses I can distract them for you you
got this
you need to go now
I'm not leaving you here
[Music]
he's a cop without vision you can't
actually see a permit for this hall he's
a driver without a dream five
cheeseburgers five charges a sprinkle of
cocaine
they don't have cocaine never over to
cop before however taking a bullet for
someone I think by the time a gun is
fired that you can jump in front of a
bullet
you know I'm starting to question
together they're taking crime
you cannot leave him in my car this
isn't over for don't don't act like you
know what uber pool is on July 12 you
can do
saving the day
we'll take a pair
[Music]
Jiali you've messed with the wrong
overdrive
Bautista
[Music]
Ellis
date Raveena
technically for you before I got shot
this rhetorical question dude tickets on
sale now ready dog karate is a way of
communicating
ask me a question what are your plans
for the weekend I'm going to do some
grocery shopping then rent the film to
watch in the comfort of my own oh did
that answer your question I want you to
tell me why you're here I'm afraid I'm
afraid of the dark
I'm afraid of other men I want to be
what intimidates me you came to the
right place I'm taking my first class
today your new white belts is that the
first built color white is before color
you haven't earned color yet today's
lesson to kick with your fists and punch
with your feet that makes perfect sense
good there's a mental component as well
everything should be as masculine as
possible
we may want to start on those reports
that pile is getting awfully high yet I
won't be petting you anymore this is for
your own good
what's your favorite style of music
adult contemporary no should be metal
you're a blade and I'm sharpening you I
see a little myself in you thank you
says it why are you filming this this
isn't a safe place Casey I know you're
confused about what's happening
you have to trust me I should have never
started taking karate you can't be weak
anymore I'm interested in buying a gun I
need something I can fit into my hand
sounds like you're after a handgun
[Music]
I challenge you to a fight to the death
and unarmed combat this is your belt it
is yours it is sacred there'll be a $15
charge to replace of us now
what's wrong dad please tell me when
that is dying
she doesn't know so you can't see
anything good family thinks it's better
not to tell her why is that better
Chinese people have same when people get
kensa they die
what have to build autonomy wedding is
an excuse so everyone can see you know
only cousin there's going to be there
you can't hide your emotions if you go
night I found out right away
really huh da da da Pisa wanna Jean
Karen so what's yeah holla kill Mesa
majula then if you don't attend Marco
y'all owe each other or marine guy
Carson and imma take him cool about
rapport
Tom Schwartz idea he comes with a joke
with her I'm a hopeful de ba da da yo
macka it was a way where you say tannaz
I wish no gosh I shouldn't we tell her
isn't it wrong to lie it's a good life
most families in China would choose not
to tell her hmm you must sure they sang
English yes you sweet-talked why show
young one yeah
she's dying can you be a little more
sensitive
what do you want for me to scream and
cry like you really person encourage
good Shiva
so to receive on cocoon from that
Vantage violence the very end Shiva
Shiva Shiva
I want to believe that was a good day
[Music]
Jewish employer proportionately social
occasion draw such is so
ha ha ha door thank you Richard
life's not fair is it my little friend
while some are born to feast others
spend their lives in the dark
[Music]
begging for scraps
everything you've seen
exist together in a delicate balance
[Music]
while others search for what they can
take a true king says as to what he can
give
[Music]
run away Simba
and never return
you must take your place
and the circle of life
[Music]
Wow a mini would be late
Alfie wha your trousers home chef Pete
you in there what you look okay how you
yeah I'm looking for a room for a week
just I'd say three nights to be
brilliant even for a night just lose are
you living in your car ran between
places I said that mad like trying to
find somewhere to stay tonight
hi yeah I'm looking for a room
just tonight okay thanks anyway
I end up not having time to look for
somewhere proper to live something we
can afford no we don't live here anymore
come on remember this house we have to
go I'm sorry I still know where we can
go where it's over sick
[Music]
where am I
she wasn't in the school she's not
answering her phone Katie hey
I've always looked after them when I'm
homeless
I just
last
[Music]
I'm Rick Dalton it's my pleasure mr.
Schwartz army mouthing put it there
that's your son no that's my stunt
double cliff booth last night we watched
a Rick Dalton double feature shooting I
love that stuff you're too old to
killing a lot of killing
[Music]
seems
you still direct go there you can do
anything you want
I hired you to be an actor Rick not a TV
cowboy you're better than that
all right what's the matter partner it's
official old buddy has been Here I am
flat on my ass I got little neck stormy
I'm Sharon Tate I'm in the movie you're
in this that's me I play Miss Carlson
the class
well there ain't no dream Charlie's
gonna take him then that God
[Music]
[Applause]
in this town I can all change like that
hey you're Rick dummy don't you
forget it
[Music]
[Applause]
you